README.md, before:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/yardman.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/yardman)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/agirorn/yardman.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/agirorn/yardman)

# yardman

_The one that maintains the development yard._ Watching files and running
commands.

## Usage

```shel
yardman

Watch files and run commands.

Usage:
  yardman [options] [files ...] executable
  yardman [[options] [files ...] -exec executable ...] [options] [files ...]
  executable

Options:
  -h, --help              This help text
  -v, --version           Display version information
  -x, --exec=executable   Executable to run
  -n, --npm=script        Executable an npm script with the --silent flag
  -X, --no-start          Do not run the executable on start
  -w, --watch=files...    Comma separated list of files to monitor for change
  -f, --filename=files... Appends the path to the changed file to the command to execute

Example:
  yardman src make
  yardman src -x make build/result.exe ./test
```


## Configuration

Yardman can be configured by adding the command line arguments to the
`.yardmanrc` file in the current working directory.

__Example of a .yardmanrc__

```bash
# Build project when files in src directory change.
src
-x make

# Run tests when the build is finished.
build/result.exe
./test
```

Commit message:

Kill process and subprocess on file change
closes #3

README.md, after:

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/yardman.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/yardman)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/agirorn/yardman.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/agirorn/yardman)

# yardman

_The one that maintains the development yard._ Watching files and running
commands.

## Usage

```shel
yardman

Watch files and run commands.

Usage:
  yardman [options] [files ...] executable
  yardman [[options] [files ...] -exec executable ...] [options] [files ...]
  executable

Options:
  -h, --help               This help text
  -v, --version            Display version information
  -x, --exec=executable    Executable to run
  -n, --npm=script         Executable an npm script with the --silent flag
  -X, --no-start           Do not run the executable on start
  -w, --watch=files...     Comma separated list of files to monitor for change
  -f, --filename=files...  Appends the path to the changed file to the command to execute
  -S, --kill-signal=signal Set the kill signal (SIGTERM, SIGKILL), defaults to SIGTERM

Example:
  yardman src make
  yardman src -x make build/result.exe ./test
```


## Configuration

Yardman can be configured by adding the command line arguments to the
`.yardmanrc` file in the current working directory.

__Example of a .yardmanrc__

```bash
# Build project when files in src directory change.
src
-x make

# Run tests when the build is finished.
build/result.exe
./test
```
